===== 2017 -> 2018 =====

2017 was a really crazy year. I can't even begin to go into it all.

The biggest thing was my six month sabbatical I took from engineering and startups. I went traveling alone in Japan, Indonesia, and Taiwan for a month. I did a 10 day Vipassana, left the Bay Area, worked on music only for a month
straight, and then further explored the depths of my mind with plant medicine.

These six months have been beautiful trek in the middle of the desert without a map, metaphorically speaking. I am constantly in awe of the guidance from the cosmos.

Moving forward into 2018, I have found some points of alignment.
	1 I am not going to give up on software like I thought. I've worked past developer burn out, and being jaded about Silicon Valley. I mean, I'm still jaded let's be real. But there are many opportunities to do good, and to claim there is nothing good is highly fatalist, shortsighted, and lacks true understanding of the electric media.
	2 Security, Privacy, and Decentralization are my focus for shaping the future into something that benefits all. There is a lot of good stuff already happening, making it more available and understandable and usable by regular people is point of focus. Intersectionality is a must.
	3 I cannot deny my creative spirit like I have for the past 17 years. I need an outlet for my deep rooted anger at this world and white privilege. It will show up in the form of writing, music, comedy and software.

Most importantly. I am still in the desert. I don't know where I'm headed. But I am confident I will make it to an Oasis. I *like* the desert. I trust myself more than anyone else. In 2018 I am an agent of change. I am compassionate, smart, and nobody will fool me into think they are the gateway to my destiny.

Lastly, in an effort to live the future I want, I am going to abstain from and eventually disconnect Facebook. I haven't eaten meat, or had a drop of alcohol in over a year. Why? Because I don't believe in it. It causes more harm than good, and I eventually got sick of continuing to do it. Well, Facebook is as bad as alcohol and meat. So I'm done, and I'm going to find an alternative and build it and/or contribute to it. We should own our data, and advertising is a compromise we never should have had to make.

Happy New Year
